I
green with envy why sleep in an ordinary
hotel when this place has something out
of the ordinary and if it's free maybe
it's time you start gathering the good
stuff Plus this boat is a big fat zero
and that makes this guy real happy what
would be cooler than that you want in
get aboard because green with envy is
sailing right at you
welcome to green with envy i'm jonathan
levin there's a whole new generation of
hotels out there catering to travelers
who want to live green no matter where
they are one of them is the orchard
garden in San Francisco there you can
rest well knowing that what's behind the
walls on the walls under your feet even
in bed with you is treading gently on
the environment so just what can you
expect from a green hotel let's check in
and find out manic multitasking city
living is counter in this calming you
treat cross the doors threshold into the
orchard garden hotel that is striving to
harvest green at every turn I think we
all try to be really environmentally
conscious at home but that doesn't have
to stop now when we travel and it
doesn't at this hotel we have textiles
in all the rooms that are very
eco-friendly from the duvet cover to the
sheets to the curtains it's a green
hotel do they have a place for me to
recycle no they do
and just because you can't see it
doesn't mean it isn't there if these
walls could talk they'd be talking green
construction we have fifty percent
recycled steel and all of the glass is
recycled in the bathrooms water streams
through low-flow showerheads faucets and
toilets even the bathroom essentials are
recycled yep that's how they roll the
towels sanitized with citrus-based
detergents are washed without bleach
good for your health and those little
soaps big in an all-natural way I know
I've got them on this one if it's a
really a green hotel all their lights
will be compact fluorescent oh they are
walls are covered with textured paper
using low boc adhesive that means less
chemicals on the air you breathe and
trampled underfoot carpeting containing
recycled content good for the earth add
the furniture to the list sleek and
sustainable it's made with harvested
wood which helps with less of a dent in
the forest I hate to say it but whenever
I leave my hotel room I always forget to
turn off the lights and now when I take
my key card the system automatically
shuts off the main lights the AC the
heat that saves about twenty percent of
energy every year and I always know
where my card is hungry thirsty chef
Russell carries the green theme straight
through the hotel's restaurant using
organic produce sustainable seafood
naturally raised meats doing it the way
it should be and the way the menu should
be too when deciding what to eat you'll
be staring down recycled paper and
soy-based inks cleaning with harsh
chemicals is out of the question they
use only organic citrus-based products
makes George Abby
no chemicals that what makes it so
unique green natural organic
eco-friendly this hotel exit all in from
the rooftop garden down to its modest
footprint this hotel is treading lighter
on the earth and you're invited to crash
here anytime
you